[DOCS-1411] Show how to configure the OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET environment variable in k8s (#1306)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/iam/authentication/sso.md

- OIDC Issuer URL
- OIDC Client Secret (optional; depends on how you have setup your IdP) 

> If your IdP requires a OIDC Client Secret, specify it using the UI or by passing the [environment variables]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/env-vars.md" >}}) `OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET`. If both are configured, the environment variable takes precedence. In Helm, add the environment variable to `values.global.extraEnv`. For example:

Reviewer: There's not currently a way to add secret in the UI other than the User spec so I think this might be better as "If your IdP requires an OIDC Client Secret, specify it by going to to System Console > Settings > Advanced > User Spec and adding to the values > global > extraENV > OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET as shown below." And then leave in the yaml below because this is how it's set in the user spec also

Author: Hmm, PTAL at my suggested edit to see if it is what you had in mind.

> If your IdP requires a OIDC Client Secret, specify it using the UI or by passing the [environment variables]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/env-vars.md" >}}) `OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET`. If both are configured, the environment variable takes precedence. In Helm, add the environment variable to `values.global.extraEnv`. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
If your IdP requires a OIDC Client Secret, specify it by passing the [environment variables]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/env-vars.md" >}}) `OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET`.
- In the UI, go to **System Console** > **Settings** > **Advanced** > **User Spec** and add `OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET` to the `extraENV` section as shown below.
- In Helm, configure `values.global.extraEnv` as shown below.
```

Reviewer: LGTM 👍
